0.  GIF: 256 colors, JPEG 16 million colors, PNG: 16 million colors, 
    BMP 16 million colors
1.  GIF and PNG support animation.
2.  Lossy compression uses partial data discarding to compress images, it does
    not encode all the data. Lossless compression encodes all the data upon 
    compression. Lossy is not an exact representation of teh original, Lossless is.
3.  JPEG format is lossy compressed.
4.  FAT systems erase files by 1)modifying the file names first character to 
    signal that the file has been deleted and that the directory entry can 
    be recycled; 2) The system moves all of the files FAT clusters to the hard 
    drives list of free clusters. Actual file data is never touched.
5.  HD can be sanitized by using a tool that completely ovewrites the sectors 
    of the disk with zero filled blocks.
6.  stdint.h is a header file containing typedefs for exact width integer types. 
7.  The point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program is
    to make the code more readable and remind the programmer how many bits are in
    each data type.
8.  BYTE is 1 BYTE, DWORD is 4 BYTES, LONG is 4 BYTES, and WORD is 2 BYTES.
9.  First 2 BYTES of any BMP file in ASCII is 'BM'. You can see this while examining
    the hex dump of a file in xxd. Represents the files type.
10. bfSize is the file size in bytes of the BMP file. biSize is the size in bytes of 
    the BITMAPFILEHEADER.
11. If bitHeight is negative, the BMP starts at the upper left corner and works its
    way down.
12. biBitCount specifies the BMP's color depth.
13. fopen will return NULL if the file is not successfully opened. This could occur
    if the file does not exist.
14. The third argument to fread is always 1 becuase we are essetially reading one 
    structs worth of data at a time. So for the BITMAPFILEHEADER, we are reading 
    a chunk of data of just the right size to meaningfully fit into the 
    struct called BITMAPFILEHEADER. And so on for the other structs defined in bmp.h.
15. copy.c:70 assigns 3 to padding if bi.biWidth is 3 becuase it is trying to make sure
    each line is a multiple of 4. Since it is 3 pixels, with each pixel being 3 bytes,
    That would make 9 pixels. The next multiple of 4 is 12, so you need 3 bytes.
16. fseek moves to a specific location in the file.
17. SEEK_CUR represents the current location in the file for the fseek function.
18. Milo Banana dun it.
